{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ```python\
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt\
import seaborn as sns\
import numpy as np\
\
# Sample data for the heatmap\
data = np.random.rand(27, 30)\
\
# Sample data for the scatter plot\
x = np.random.rand(1000)\
y = np.random.rand(1000)\
\
# Sample data for the survival analysis plot\
time = np.random.rand(100)\
event = np.random.randint(0, 2, size=100)\
\
# Sample data for the dendrogram\
Z = np.random.rand(27, 27)\
\
# Create the heatmap\
fig, ax = plt.subplots(figsize=(10, 6))\
sns.heatmap(data, ax=ax, cmap="viridis", annot=False)\
\
# Create the scatter plot\
fig, ax = plt.subplots(figsize=(5, 5))\
ax.scatter(x, y, s=10, c=np.random.rand(1000), alpha=0.5)\
\
# Create the survival analysis plot\
fig, ax = plt.subplots(figsize=(10, 6))\
ax.step(time, event, where='post', label='Survival curve')\
ax.set_xlabel('Time (years)')\
ax.set_ylabel('Survival probability')\
ax.set_title('Survival analysis')\
ax.legend()\
\
# Create the dendrogram\
fig, ax = plt.subplots(figsize=(5, 5))\
dendrogram = dendrogram(Z, orientation='right', labels=labels)\
\
# Show the plots\
plt.show()\
```\
\
**Code Snippet Descriptions:**\
\
* **Heatmap:** The first code snippet generates a heatmap using the seaborn library. The `data` variable contains the data for the heatmap, which is a 2D array. The `cmap` parameter specifies the colormap to be used.\
* **Scatter plot:** The second code snippet generates a scatter plot using the matplotlib library. The `x` and `y` variables contain the data for the scatter plot, which are 1D arrays. The `s` parameter specifies the size of the points, the `c` parameter specifies the color of the points, and the `alpha` parameter specifies the transparency of the points.\
* **Survival analysis plot:** The third code snippet generates a survival analysis plot using the matplotlib library. The `time` variable contains the time data, and the `event` variable contains the event data. The `step` function creates the survival curve, and the `where` parameter specifies the placement of the steps.\
* **Dendrogram:** The fourth code snippet generates a dendrogram using the scipy library. The `Z` variable contains the linkage matrix for the dendrogram. The `orientation` parameter specifies the orientation of the dendrogram.\
\
These code snippets are just examples, and they may need to be modified to match the specific data and plot settings of the uploaded image.\
}